README.md, before:

# Agora Tutorial for Web on PC - 1to1

*Read this in other languages: [English](README.en.md)*

这个开源示例项目演示了如何快速集成 Agora 视频 SDK，实现1对1视频通话。

在这个示例项目中包含了以下功能：

- 加入通话和离开通话；
- 推流和停止推流

## 运行示例程序
首先在 [Agora.io 注册](https://dashboard.agora.io/cn/signup/) 注册账号，并创建自己的测试项目，获取到 AppID。

在 [Agora.io SDK](https://www.agora.io/cn/download/) 下载 **语音通话 + 直播 Web SDK**，解压后将其中的 **AgoraRTCSDK-x.x.x.js** 文件复制到本项目根目录下。

将项目部署到本地或远端 HTTP 服务器后使用浏览器访问 index.html。

在成功看到示例界面后，使用 AppID 输入框输入第一步获得的 AppID。

点击 Join 即可进入频道，如若已经有朋友加入了该频道，就可以开始音视频通话。

## 注意
默认该项目只可以运行于 PC 浏览器，如果要在移动端浏览器上运行，需要在 `createClient ` 传入对应的参数，具体参看对应文档的该 API 描述。

## 联系我们

- 完整的 API 文档见 [文档中心](https://docs.agora.io/cn/)
- 如果在集成中遇到问题, 你可以到 [开发者社区](https://dev.agora.io/cn/) 提问
- 如果有售前咨询问题, 可以拨打 400 632 6626，或加入官方Q群 12742516 提问
- 如果需要售后技术支持, 你可以在 [Agora Dashboard](https://dashboard.agora.io) 提交工单
- 如果发现了示例代码的bug, 欢迎提交 [issue](https://github.com/AgoraIO/Agora-Web-Tutorial-1to1/issues)

## 代码许可

The MIT License (MIT).

Commit message:

change default language to English

README.md, after:


# Agora Tutorial for Web on PC - 1to1

*阅读中文版本: [中文](README.zh.md)*

This project demonstrates how we can integrate Agora SDK to easily achieve 1 to 1 Video/Audio talk.

The small demo contains following features:

- Join/Leave calls
- Publish/Unpublish streams

## How to run
Firstly you will need to register an account at [Agora.io](https://dashboard.agora.io/signin/). With your account logged in, you will be able to create your own test project at dev portal, there you can get your unique AppID. Take a note with your AppID as it will be used in later steps.

Now go to [Agora.io SDK](https://www.agora.io/en/download/) to download latest **Video + Interactive Broadcasting Web SDK**, and copy the SDK to the root folder of this project. Rename it to AgoraRTC-development.js.

Deploy the project to any http server and then use your browser to navigate to index.html

Once you see the demo page successfully, put the AppID you get in prior step into the AppId text field.

Press Join button to join the call. As soon as someone else joins the call, the call will be started and you will see each other from the client side.

## Notice
If you want to run this sample app on mobile browsers, please be sure that `createClient` called with proper mode. For more please reference to the API documents.

## Connect Us

- You can find full API document at [Document Center](https://docs.agora.io/en/)
- You can file bugs about this demo at [issue](https://github.com/AgoraIO/Agora-Web-Tutorial-1to1/issues)

## License

The MIT License (MIT).
